hi this is tim from latest vita games
and i'm here with some first gameplay
from freedom wars this is the japanese
version and i will then just try and
show you the intro don't if I'm going to
get any issues with it I've tried to
keep it a little bit quiet and purely
because this is the one that's kind of
being all around YouTube and back again
and it is a really cool intro I guess if
you're not really am excited or four the
game after sort of watching this and
think it looks well I'm no good then
maybe just avoid it because I think it
looks like a really cool game from just
looking at this it may not be your type
of game overall but I think you should
at least get a little bit excited about
the intro so I'm sure you've seen and I
am kind of talking over the top just
because I said I might guess and issues
with their matches and things like that
because it has been in and around you to
them back again and yeah really really
am cool and the music's rather cool as
well which is behind a little bit afraid
I'm gonna get potential issues now
apparently I'm there's a few issues with
a game players in it gets really really
tough later on I haven't explored a lot
of YouTube and with regard to the
gameplay videos and let's place that
sort of thing I think there's hundreds
and hundreds there's certainly a fair
few but I don't think this hundreds out
there so am I think a lot of people got
it but maybe not quite as many as i
thought was going to pick it up I kind
of cancelled mine originally and the
reason for that was actually because I
ordered it to come with
ho tero non niku and that one I got let
down on badly well maybe it wasn't the
supplies full so I kind of got a bit
annoyed and thought while I wait for
this one as well but um I have now
decided to pick it up lots of people in
prison and if you didn't like me talking
through that sorry but it was just like
so because I thing as potential issues
they're right here we go as usual
there's a little bit of English present
throughout the game I haven't really
done anything with her I'm going to keep
gameplay videos I'm kind of into a
couple of sections to begin with so I'm
just gonna kind of cover the little in
chobits to start us off to give us a
little bit background if you like and
there are some very cool courtesies as
you can probably tell and I'm there is a
big character creation section coming up
which I'll cover separately it's really
in depth and you can customize your
character pretty highly so like i said i
will do that one separately for you but
just wanted to kind of do a bit of an
intro video to kick us off and get in
the mood for some freedom wars we're
gonna be fighting some of these guys
and i've believed as a patch available
which i'll look into your downloading
but i have to resurrect my um japanese
account potentially i might just be able
to download it but i'm guessing probably
not i'm left to go to japanese still not
sure might be right does remind me very
much of God e tutti so if you played
that and you like that I really like the
look of it then this looks like it's
gonna play pretty similar and to that
game and having played right through got
e tutti but I have said and play through
a chunk of it and it said it's got
similar self game mechanics and it's off
characters seem to move around quite a
lot like it as well say I think it's
kind of goes to the beginning bet I'm
here
I'm Kathy I'm going to move on to a
character select character select stroke
customization screen and like I said
it's really quite in depth and more in
depth of most um games so I I'm going to
leave this as a really short intro video
just kind of wanted to introduce the
videos and also say that i will be doing
a number of them for you let us know
your thoughts on the game certainly the
cutscenes make me excited for the game
and i will do some in-depth character
customization the next one that'll be a
longer video and i will try and
investigate first girl i think the menus
are a little bit difficult cycle so when
that's it for this short video intro
video lots more to come don't forget to
leave a comment and thumbs up and of
course thanks for watching